[github.io] Improve pdf rendering. (#116)
ARM-software/acle: neon_intrinsics/advsimd.template.md

---
title: Arm Neon Intrinsics Reference
version: 2021Q2
date-of-issue: 02 July 2021
landscape: true
header_counter: true
toc: true
---

> <!---Do not remove!
> 
> This token is necessary to generate the Table of Contents via Jekyll. --->

Reviewer: Please change all these lines as follows:
```suggestion
<!---
**** Do not remove! ****
The two lines following this comments are necessary
to generate the Table of Contents via Jekyll.
They are automatically removed by the scripts that generates the pdfs.
-->
```
